Monty opened the door to his house. She was crying again. He sighed and he walked in and gently closed the door. Her apologetic weeps rang throughout the halls. He saw her sitting in the living room, holding her face in her hands. He looked at her as he walked past and walked into the kitchen. He opened the fridge. He grabbed a beer. He turned back and made his way into the living room. He sat down. He turned on the TV. He cracked open his beer. She continued to cry. He took a sip. Monty leaned back in his recliner and turned the TV up. It was hard to hear over her sobbing. He sighed again. "Honey, if it's about your sister, I've already told you not to worry about it." She continued to cry. "I'm serious. Just because she got pictures leaked doesn't mean anything is going to happen. I've seen thousands of women online and I have never seen a woman I've known." She cried louder. A puddle was forming at her feet. She didn't respond. He turned the TV up louder. He took another sip. "Damnit Becky," Monty said. He gestured with his non-beer hand towards the TV. "I'm trying to watch this." "David is dead, Monty." Becky said. "All that food finally caught up to him? Fat fuck." Monty reclined his chair back and took a sip of beer. She began to howl. Tears streamed down her face. "All I'm saying is that he did it to himself. If your brother made more of an effort he could've lived a couple more years." "He got shot." "Must've been an easy shot." Monty chuckled. He couldn't hear the TV at all now. "Ok, I'm sorry Becky. Do the police know?" "Of course they know. They're the ones who told me." "Well, are they going to do anything about it?" "They said they can't. They said they're very busy and they can't stop everything they're doing just because one person got killed." Monty took a sip of his beer. He looked at her on the couch. Her small frame sat acutely. She was hunched over herself. The area around her was wet. "I'm sure they'll find him, Becky. Can you please stop crying now? At least quiet down a little bit. This is important to me. I know you know that." Becky nodded. She continued to shake and sob, only more quietly now. He could finally hear the TV. The news anchor appeared alongside flashing lights. "Breaking News. CEO of Aeroplane Technologies, Gunnar Slobox, had been shot dead in broad daylight this morning. He was walking to a board meeting when the incident happened." Monty jumped up from his seat and squealed. He was poised towards the TV. He took a sip of his beer. He shrieked out of despair once again, then fell to his knees. His empty bottle hit the ground. It broke. He slammed his fist onto the ground. Small glass shards entered the side of his hands. He started to bleed. He kept pounding the floor. A strange cacophony littered the room. "Here we have a message from the head of the police department." An official looking man appeared behind a podium. He sized up the mic. He looked at the camera. "Hello citizens. As the head of the police, it is my duty to figure this out. Currently we have stopped everything we're doing to find this murderer. That is all I can say for now, just know, we're doing absolutely everything we can." The officer disappeared. The news anchor was back. Becky cried louder. "The murderer left a note at the scene of the murder. It implied the motive for the action was the recent crashes that Aeroplane has been responsible for. It is said he was shot 7 times. One for each plane that has crashed. Regardless, a country-wide manhunt is currently ongoing." The anchor looked determinedly and directly at the camera. "We will find this killer. We will bring him to justice." Tears wells up in Monty's eyes. He began to cry. A tearful tune. A drowning room. He stared at the ceiling and began to speak. "How do they expect people to feel safe on the streets if our billionaires aren't even safe? How do they expect us to stay alive after getting shot if our billionaires can't even do it. How do they expect us to make any money from our investments when our billionaires are dead? How am I supposed to get my money?" Monty stopped crying. His brows furled. He began to shake and pound the floor. The glass in his hands dug in further. "I just invested our whole damn savings into that company Becky." Becky cried in response. He got up from his position on the floor. He went over to her and grabbed her shoulders. Blood seeped from his hands onto her white shirt. He started into her eyes. "Do you understand what this means for us Becky? We're going to lose everything." She leaned forward, attempting to land her face against his stomach. She cried. He pushed her off. "I need a beer." He walked into the kitchen and opened the fridge. He grabbed another bottle. He popped the cap. He took a sip. He heard Becky shriek. He ran back into the living room, beer in hand. The news reporter was back. "The eighth crash of an Aeroplane Technologies plane has just happened. The plane was in flight for about 35 minutes before an engine failure and a crash. There are no survivors. They are dead. We are sorry. In their honor we will be taking a moment of silence." The anchor went quiet. Monty sighed and shrugged. "Why'd you make that noise Becky. You made me worried something bad happened. It's just another plane crash. Like he said, that's the eighth one this month." Becky wiped off a tear. "There were real people on that plane that died, Monty. On all of the planes recently." The news anchor cut back in. "Our moment is over. It is revealed that the flight that crashed was flight 94. We also regret to inform you that you all star player for the Ants, James Jameson was on this flight as it went down. He will surely be missed this season. May he rest in peace." Monty cursed. Drank a sip of beer. He threw the bottle against the wall. It broke. Becky began to howl once again. "My parents were on flight 94. They were coming to visit us as a surprise." "How the fuck are we supposed to win anything with Jameson." Monty made an accusatory gesture towards the TV. Becky continued. She got up and crawled along the floor to Monty's side. She used his pants to pull herself up. They locked eyes. He looked at the blood on her shirt. "My parents are dead Monty. What am I going to do?" The TV flared up. Someone else was crying. They both looked. The news anchor's eyes were wet. Tears streamed down his face. "This just in. It is revealed that Ms. Silias Bonnet, the ever dazzling star of our night sky, was also on this flight. Her beauty has forever made its lasting mark on my heart, as she has the entire world. She was a daughter, a sister, but most importantly, the darling of the world. She was a sunflower in a grass field, a pure starling in this cave full of bats. In her honor, we will be conducting an hour of silence. We beg you all to join us. Thank you." The anchor went quiet. And still. Monty began to cry. He fell onto his knees and hugged Becky. "I can't believe it." Monty choked. "She can't be dead." Monty continued to cry. Becky continued to cry. "I'm never going to see my parents again." "We just lost the most beautiful star in the sky." The news channel was still quiet. Mourning her. Monty pushed on Becky’s shoulders to stand up. More blood from his glass infested hands leeched onto her shirt. He wiped off his eyes. He went to the kitchen. He heard the phone ring. He opened the fridge and got another beer. He heard the crying getting closer. Becky walked into the kitchen. She pointed the phone toward him. "It's for you." He walked over and picked it up with his non-beer hand. He answered. "Hello?" "Is this Monty? I'm calling from the hospital. Your mom is in critical condition. She got hit by a piece of debris from the plane crash. You were listed as her emergency contact. Are you able to make it?" Monty's eyes opened. He threw his beer on the ground. He began to run towards the door. "I'm on my way now." He hung up the phone. "Who was it?" "My mom is in the hospital. I'm going to see her." He already had the keys in his hand. "Please don't leave me here Monty. Take me." Monty opened the door and took a half-step outside. She fell inwardly onto her knees. He closed the door. Her cries echoed outward. He ran towards the car and got in. His bloodied hands gripped the steering wheel. He started the ignition and began to back out. As soon as he could, he made his break towards the highway. He was speeding. He was tailgating. He was on the highway now. He was getting close. Something caught his eyes out the window. It was an airplane smoking and falling out of the sky. He watched it for a second before he lost interest. He looked forward again. He slammed his breaks. He flew through the windshield. His body slammed onto the asphalt. He watched, barely conscious, as his car continued unoperated and slid into the middle of the road. Lacerations covered him. His head hurt. His body hurt. His hands hurt. He lay there, unmoving on the road. Blood seeped from his wounds onto the ground. He was getting cold. The honking started. People began to yell. Time passed slowly. Breathing was getting harder. He couldn't blame them, he would've done the same. "Learn to drive!" he would've yelled. But he couldn't. He tried to scream for help. He was alone. No noise escaped his throat. He saw a car leave the line. It honked as it rode towards his resting spot. The car came ever closer. He was alone. It ran over his head.